Wifi-menu: Multi-interface support and man page. (#178)
joukewitteveen/netctl: docs/wifi-menu.8.txt

WIFI-MENU(8)
============

NAME
----
wifi-menu - Interactively connect to a wireless network

SYNOPSIS
--------
*wifi-menu* [-o | --obscure] [+INTERFACE+]

*wifi-menu* [-h | --help]

DESCRIPTION

> -----------

Author: Ok, I've moved a shorter version up to the description.

*wifi-menu* allows a user to interactively connect to a wireless network 

> over INTERFACE using a auto-generated netctl profile. If only one 

Author: I've modified this paragraph to indicate that it uses existing profiles, or auto-generates them otherwise.

wireless interface is available, INTERFACE can be omitted. Additionally,
if INTERFACE is omitted and more than one wireless interface is found, 

> the user is prompted to select which interface should be used.

Author: A good suggestion. I have adopted it.

Once a valid interface is specified, wifi-menu uses *wpa_supplicant*(8) 
to scan for available wireless networks, and presents the results to the 
user in a menu. Entries are marked with one of the following flags to 

> indicate their status:

Author: Ok. This section has been removed.

***::
    An active connect is present.

*:*::
    A hand-made profile is present.

*.*::

>     An automatically-generated profile is present.

Author: Section removed.

If a network is selected that already has a profile, the profile is 
immediately started with no further interaction. However, if the selected 
network lacks a profile, the user is given the option of accepting or
changing the provided profile name. Next, if the selected network is 
encrypted, the user is prompted to enter a passphrase or pre-shared key, 
as appropriate. Once this is done, a *netctl*(1) profile is created and 
then started. If the connection is successful, the program exits; if 

> unsuccessful, the user is asked whether the profile should still be saved.

Author: I've removed most of this, now.

> unsuccessful, the user is asked whether the profile should still be saved.

Author: I'm not sure how best to word a statement about control by netctl-auto and switching profiles, so I will leave that for you to do as you see fit.

OPTIONS
-------

*-h, --help*::
    Show help

*-o, --obscure*::
    Show asterisks for the characters of the password and store the password

>     as a hexadecimal string.

Author: I'm fine with "do not echo password". The "Show asterisks..." bit is just cut-and-paste from the output of --help. ;) 
I'll change the description here, and in wifi-menu itself.

+INTERFACE+::
    Specifies the wireless network interface to use when connecting to a 
    wireless network.

EXIT STATUS
-----------

*0*::
    The interface connected to the wireless network successfully.

*1*::
    The connection attempt was cancelled.

*2*::
    The connection attempt failed.

*3*::
    No wireless networks were found.

*4*::
    Invalid passphrase length (WEP keys must be between 8 and 63 characters
    in length).

*7*::
    An unexpected error code was received.

*255*::

>     The connection attempt was aborted (or an error occurred).

Author: Yay!

NOTES
-----
The program may display a black screen for up to a minute when starting a 

> connection.

Author: Sounds good.

BUGS
----
This program is not capable of setting up and establishing connections that 
require configurations more complex than the specification of a passphrase.
In such situations, one should manually configure and establish the 
connection using a network manager such as *netctl*(1), or use lower-level 
utilities such as *wpa_supplicant*(8) directly, along with  *ip*(8) or 

> *dhcpcd*(8) for configuring IP connectivity.

Reviewer: Why do you say this is a bug? `wifi-menu` is only intended to solve the simple cases...

Author: I agree it was only intended to solve simple cases. I used the BUGS section since man-pages(7) states:

BUGS
lists limitations, known defects or inconveniences, and other questionable activities. 

The fact that it cannot handle complex configurations is by definition a limitation. If you wanted to rename the BUGS section to something else, or move its contents somewhere else, I have no objection.

Author: Or remove it altogether. I just thought that it should include a note so people aren't wondering why it won't connect them to eduroam.

ENVIRONMENT
-----------
+$NETCTL_DEBUG+::
    If set to "yes", debugging output is generated.

FILES
-----
+/etc/netctl+::

>     Directory where created netctl profiles are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Directory where generated profiles are stored.
```

SEE ALSO
--------

> *netctl*(1), *wpa_supplicant*(8), *iwd*(8)

Reviewer: I really like `wifi-menu` to get a man-page. Thanks for writing something to comment on. I have many comments, but let's first get the changes to the `wifi-menu` code sorted.

Author: You're welcome!

> *netctl*(1), *wpa_supplicant*(8), *iwd*(8)

Reviewer: `iwd` has nothing to do with `wifi-menu`. It is designed as a full-chain wireless daemon, therefore `netctl` can't even make use of it as an alternative to `wpa_supplicant`.
I see no reason to reference `wpa_supplicant` here.
```suggestion
*netctl*(1), *netctl-auto*(1)
```

WIFI-MENU(8)
============

NAME
----
wifi-menu - Interactively connect to a wireless network

SYNOPSIS
--------
*wifi-menu* [-o | --obscure] [+INTERFACE+]

*wifi-menu* [-h | --help]

DESCRIPTION
-----------
*wifi-menu* allows a user to interactively connect to a wireless network

> over INTERFACE using an existing netctl profile, or an automatically
> generated profile for basic configurations. If only one wireless

Reviewer: The fact that only basic configurations are supported for generating profiles is already stressed in the next paragraph. No need to state it twice.
```suggestion
on INTERFACE using a netctl profile. In case no netctl profile is available, one can be generated.
If only one wireless
```
(pending reflow to the proper number of columns)

> interface is available, INTERFACE can be omitted.  If no interface is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interface is available, INTERFACE can be omitted. If no interface is
```
(for consistency)

specified and more than one is detected, a choice of interfaces is
offered.

*wifi-menu* is only able to generate netctl profiles for simple network
configurations. Profiles for more complex configurations must be set up

> manually, or through the use of other tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manually.
```
This man-page is about wifi-menu, so we assume the intent is to use netctl.

OPTIONS
-------

*-h, --help*::
    Print a short help text and exit.

*-o, --obscure*::

>     Do not echo password, and store derived pre-shared key
>     in profile instead of plaintext password.

Reviewer: > I'm fine with "do not echo password". The "Show asterisks..." bit is just cut-and-paste from the output of --help. ;)

Ah, thanks for this remark! That reminds me of why I chose this wording. The 'do not echo' wording applies more to what you see for instance when you type your password on a login terminal (i.e. nothing at all).
Let's revert to something that closely resembles your original idea.

```suggestion
    Show asterisks for the characters of the password and store the password
    as a hexadecimal pre-shared key.
```

+INTERFACE+::
    The wireless network interface to use for connecting.

EXIT STATUS
-----------

*0*::
    The interface connected to the wireless network successfully.

*1*::
    The connection attempt was cancelled.

*2*::
    The connection attempt failed.

*3*::
    No wireless networks were found.

*4*::
    Invalid passphrase length (WEP keys must be between 8 and 63 characters
    in length).

*7*::
    An unexpected error code was received.

*255*::
    The connection attempt was aborted (or an error occurred).

NOTES
-----

> The program may display a black screen for up to a minute when starting a
> connection.

Reviewer: I believe this one got lost somewhere. If you disagree with my preference to make 'minute' refer less to a specific unit of time, I'd like to hear why.
```suggestion
Establishing a connection may take a minute. While establishing a connection,
nothing is shown on screen.
```

> 

Reviewer: > I'm not sure how best to word a statement about control by netctl-auto and switching profiles, so I will leave that for you to do as you see fit.

Maybe here? I'd appreciate your comments. Rather than me just adding a commit on top of yours, I think it is nice to make this part of your commit.

```suggestion
Starting a connection on an interface that is controlled by *netctl-auto* will
cause *wifi-menu* to switch to the selected network. The interface will continue
to be controlled by *netctl-auto*.

```

ENVIRONMENT
-----------
+$NETCTL_DEBUG+::
    If set to +"yes"+, debugging output is generated.

FILES
-----
+/etc/netctl+::

>     Directory where created netctl profiles are stored.

Reviewer: This one got lost too. Here, 'generated' is more specific than 'created' and 'netctl' is implied.
```suggestion
    Directory where generated profiles are stored.
```
